

Hello Mr. Ship. I thank you for helping us out and yes 570 project and I'm June and this is Visa so fuel at your work as a master of the website and we're gonna see how you're gonna we're gonna give you several tests and we'll see how your reacting with the website that we design okay, so. 

During the process you can every time you do some action you want to talk about it, for example, like if I say I like search for something you'd call like first you'll say first of all, I see like. These pages these options and I'll click on this options or something like that yeah so we'll start and the first task could be can you login and create your profile with your latest information okay so web page in the web page and the right top corner. 

I can see the low main button so I click login this page will pop off well not on page it's more like pop-up, okay up to so I put my email address and password and click submit. Okay then so that after you login now you've got your account page for companion, okay application, you just go to this already on the same page, oh we change that yeah, oh yeah now you're conscious when instead of login button. 

S you've changed to dissolve just imagining so angel who mind ladies information, so you don't take your profile. 

How. To be why. It's gonna login yeah up here it's your face on it, maybe not the base but it means then I click this button, click this button yeah one that's like I see I think I know what you're talking about yeah something issues like profiles. This won't know anything. 

Maybe we don't have that yet. I think or when you click on that or if you go to this page, okay, so we can just home my account. 

Yeah. 

Oh, I think we didn't have to then mind. 

This morning so you can either like there should be one in here and also in here click on this one on my account, it will bring you to your account page okay my account, all right, okay. 

In my account page. I'm seeing for buy education attachment for profile. I put my first name as some help and I made a name and last name shame says I put my own video address and phone number address and city medicine state Wisconsin zip code and I don't need to change my password so I just click save then go to education, okay change so current stay. 

Considers. I'm studying right now and I slept all medication is University of Wisconsin I measuring in mechanical engineering to be time is bachelor sorry and. I started 2016 and gonna end. 

2022 and I guess yeah then go to attachment. Fish that's my next attachment, oh. So I click this attacher resume button. S oh yeah they use any other patients so I don't know the resume because I don't know did and my transcript to and my reference to yeah, okay then maybe I think there should be some say button, oh okay no button to attach a resume, oh yeah, right. 

So after you're safe, I guess so. Click home and go to yeah call your best but this is my account page and this is the home page is this. Application page, it's not my account, it's already good thing so. No I'm sorry so home is this thing this is the application page you should shoot this video or the home page so like the home page bring you to this which is on your account you have like submit it and you completed from here to here yeah that's actually a good question we don't have that right, oh I think you should be like maybe sorry or something this one and if something else changed to here then you click the same and then you or I think later here and will call this like fire account blowing. 

My account pay you. Like. Just put this my name okay here then home page should be to this one and it should be one more. I guess that's my account brings you to your this now if you want to you filled out so what we don't have that yet thank you for using this suggestion, okay, so so you don't afford you've done the first task and the second you'll be looking for specific job yeah, so so the description of the job will be you have to pay more than 15 hours 15 to 15 dollars per hour, yeah. 

And it has to be business related don't business okay and you want it to be like the job to have good ratings good way okay, so so far from your own page. I guess the only page first I clicked on job type button and check time. Okay, you don't actually have it we don't oh okay interview. 

Okay to drop type there will be it will be just something like. Like you don't use student. Jobs and like you know, what else you should be something like you definitely student job, there's also research and then maybe like work study. I don't do like you don't magazine job you haven't made it. 

I click that and okay, she doesn't matter student here. So you can search the news. Okay, so I'm super now. I can create stuff forward okay, like cross button then I click industry. So you should be using simulating so. On the search. What's that called the search line type business and? 

It was show me some options so I clicked this is measuring and finance there or really business alright or some marketing yeah, oh okay yeah and of course. There are. I ain't she paid more than $15 so filters. 

So your age is already referring so I changed my wage minimum to 15 that maximum to just to max and for user reading. I just put about like five to ten. No then like we're done we're disabled, let's say button, okay, let's run. So safe and now you're back here. 

Then oh. Then I can click search button yeah. Okay and I just have one question for you do you want to type anything in the search bar, oh or like the position maybe or maybe you don't want to. I'm self immersed so I can type like internship there or for time job like that and the thing yeah, so internship will be like under time yeah then so if you click on search you'll show you like hmm. 

Job you have viewed. Stuff early, there's nothing. Other interests you you're not job you may be interested. Oh so IT business or so and management so. So for example, if you have if you know the position that you want to apply for you can like type in the name of the position no yeah so would you like would you want to like type anything this search bar or no yeah I can feel like this is management, obviously. 

Refreshed the page there's like a bunch of jobs shown up here mmm and what it's not even like the right order it's like oh that's all okay. So we want a job with the grades and I mean, that's great, oh there is a silverbacker yeah, I click survive. So. 

I want good grading so. High to low user ratings first and others like some traffic ideas. But what if I'm on to could like more theater more survive. Yesterday yeah, maybe realize that without the help of AI right if you have like some chocolate based hundred dollars, but it has like shit ready hmm and have like five dollars and it's like good ratings if we put like those both we don't know like. 

Which the computer prioritize wage first or readings, first the users is able to okay, but we have AI itself that problem. Setting for now we don't have that so some drops was not here, yeah. Yeah what I need to do next. On YouTube like click if you click finance student here and spiritual pop out with the description of the job and requirement pay rate contacting full. 

Okay for more info. I want more info so click this here link it will lead to a all the stuff okay, then I am the job yeah. I want it okay you signed up for a job hmm, so the process where you have to like. Do some stuff but okay, so so I wanted so I right checked start button as my favorite job nice, okay, so. 

How would you apply for the job? 

I apply now like next to the Starbucks. I click the plus apply now button, okay, all right awesome yeah, so oh you will apply it this way for test tutor. I'm sorry that's it for test yeah. I mean, it's a device click on applying and you'll you like go ahead and apply remember me, oh no, no, no you. 

What's the one that you always this one, yes? Okay. 

Here we don't have that oh wait, what was this for different one okay we don't have it yet okay so during the by applying for a job you have to reference or like people who like so if you want to like apply to like memory library like computer just like the person who introduced you okay the job or something like that, so oh so the test score is updating your reference. 

For that job so was that right you're here and my my accounts. I click this load in the game, okay? Then please oh actually oh you don't have that see it's actually not here no yeah, so I'm dating references not there, so since you apply for the job the it'll be your job you apply for the business internal or something it will be on the submitted of the job. 

So the location is my favorite chance here is I. 

Preference. Do I click this? So the three top thing is actually but oh it's kind of a click so long as you click this this thing will pop out and so on update my job. And this will have like a setting for the reference page, so I put my friends names what you're interested okay, yeah, all right nice imagination, okay? 

So now that you've updated your resume and it will assume I mean reference you'll assume that you got a job where you don't want to do it you find the better job, so how's your withdrawal your application and yeah, so I click that three dot button again and this page I click deleted application. 

And yes okay the last test is logging out and yeah on this page yeah, so I could click here, right? And there's gonna be long out yeah lower button, so I click that now yes also, okay. I guess that's it, do you have any? Recognition yeah you should do yeah all right for every page. 

I think it's better to have this image every at the corner left so whenever I click that image, I can go to home page main page right away right okay and. Yeah, right it's easy. 

I think that's all I can come up with right now after 3 hours on the breakdowns or um, and yeah, we have a lot of some breads okay, like yeah, we have to have like, Not too many but not too little because this is like second interview oh okay so that means it's actually things like better because like or we have solved the first interview there's like a lot more problems and now it's less oh yeah. 

So it's like the same problem shouldn't be referenced right should not be referenced again yeah alright and you were having trouble like searching for this thing all right, so it was too little was too little okay and it doesn't look like a button yeah, okay. So you can like.